Correct EDOT Node.js docs for ELASTIC_OTEL_METRICS_DISABLED and ELASTIC_OTEL_HOST_METRICS_DISABLED (#279)
elastic/opentelemetry: docs/reference/edot-sdks/nodejs/metrics.md

# Metrics

> In the Elastic Distribution of OpenTelemetry for Node.js (EDOT Node.js) the collection of metrics is turned on by default. See the [settings with `METRIC` in the name](./configuration.md) for all options for configuring metric collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Elastic Distribution of OpenTelemetry for Node.js (EDOT Node.js) the collection of metrics is turned on by default. Refer to the [settings with `METRIC` in the name](./configuration.md) for all options for configuring metric collection.
```
